NAME                    VERSION          TYPE   
.httpd-so-deps          20220405.100029  apk     
alpine-baselayout       3.2.0-r18        apk     
alpine-keys             2.4-r1           apk     
apk-tools               2.12.7-r3        apk     
apr                     1.7.0-r0         apk     
apr-util                1.6.1-r11        apk     
apr-util-ldap           1.6.1-r11        apk     
brotli-libs             1.0.9-r5         apk     
busybox                 1.34.1           binary  
busybox                 1.34.1-r5        apk     
ca-certificates         20211220-r0      apk     
ca-certificates-bundle  20211220-r0      apk     
expat                   2.4.7-r0         apk     
gdbm                    1.22-r0          apk     
httpd                   2.4.53           binary  
jansson                 2.14-r0          apk     
libbz2                  1.0.8-r1         apk     
libc-utils              0.7.2-r3         apk     
libcrypto1.1            1.1.1n-r0        apk     
libcurl                 7.80.0-r0        apk     
libldap                 2.6.0-r0         apk     
libretls                3.3.4-r3         apk     
libsasl                 2.1.28-r0        apk     
libssl1.1               1.1.1n-r0        apk     
libuuid                 2.37.4-r0        apk     
libxml2                 2.9.13-r0        apk     
lua5.1-libs             5.1.5-r8         apk     
musl                    1.2.2-r7         apk     
musl-utils              1.2.2-r7         apk     
nghttp2-libs            1.46.0-r0        apk     
pcre                    8.45-r1          apk     
perl                    5.34.0-r1        apk     
scanelf                 1.3.3-r0         apk     
ssl_client              1.34.1-r5        apk     
xz-libs                 5.2.5-r0         apk     
zlib                    1.2.12-r0        apk     
