NAME                   VERSION    TYPE   
.nginx-rundeps         0          apk     
alpine-baselayout      2.3.2-r10  apk     
alpine-keys            1.1-r0     apk     
apk-tools              2.6.5-r1   apk     
busybox                1.24.1     binary  
busybox                1.24.1-r7  apk     
gettext                0.19.6-r3  apk     
libc-utils             0.7-r0     apk     
libcrypto1.0           1.0.2g-r0  apk     
libgcc                 5.3.0-r0   apk     
libgomp                5.3.0-r0   apk     
libintl                0.19.6-r3  apk     
libssl1.0              1.0.2g-r0  apk     
libstdc++              5.3.0-r0   apk     
libxml2                2.9.3-r0   apk     
musl                   1.1.12-r4  apk     
musl-utils             1.1.12-r4  apk     
ncurses-libs           6.0-r6     apk     
ncurses-terminfo       6.0-r6     apk     
ncurses-terminfo-base  6.0-r6     apk     
pcre                   8.38-r0    apk     
scanelf                0.9.1-r0   apk     
zlib                   1.2.8-r2   apk     
