NAME                   VERSION           TYPE   
.python-rundeps        0                 apk     
alpine-baselayout      3.0.5-r2          apk     
alpine-keys            2.1-r1            apk     
apk-tools              2.8.1-r1          apk     
busybox                1.27.2            binary  
busybox                1.27.2-r6         apk     
ca-certificates        20171114-r0       apk     
expat                  2.2.5-r0          apk     
fontconfig             2.12.6-r0         apk     
freetype               2.8.1-r2          apk     
gdbm                   1.13-r1           apk     
libbsd                 0.8.6-r1          apk     
libbz2                 1.0.6-r6          apk     
libc-utils             0.7.1-r0          apk     
libffi                 3.2.1-r4          apk     
libpng                 1.6.34-r1         apk     
libressl2.6-libcrypto  2.6.3-r0          apk     
libressl2.6-libssl     2.6.3-r0          apk     
libx11                 1.6.5-r1          apk     
libxau                 1.0.8-r2          apk     
libxcb                 1.12-r1           apk     
libxdmcp               1.1.2-r4          apk     
libxft                 2.3.2-r2          apk     
libxrender             0.9.10-r2         apk     
musl                   1.1.18-r2         apk     
musl-utils             1.1.18-r2         apk     
ncurses-libs           6.0_p20170930-r0  apk     
ncurses-terminfo       6.0_p20170930-r0  apk     
ncurses-terminfo-base  6.0_p20170930-r0  apk     
pip                    9.0.1             python  
python                 3.7.0a3           binary  
readline               7.0.003-r0        apk     
scanelf                1.2.2-r1          apk     
setuptools             38.2.4            python  
sqlite-libs            3.21.0-r0         apk     
tcl                    8.6.7-r0          apk     
tk                     8.6.6-r1          apk     
wheel                  0.30.0            python  
xz-libs                5.2.3-r1          apk     
zlib                   1.2.11-r1         apk     
